Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to start creating the screens for each category.
Okay, now let's do this.
We have to head back to our via code.
And in order to make this clean, what we can do is over this very tree.
We are going to create a new folder and we're going to call this folder cut single raise.
Then over these categories we are going to create a PHI and we can call this man on the score category.
On the score screen.
And then there's Textron is the dart and we can use control and B and create a stateless widget.
And men.
Man category screen.
And we have to highlight and use control in order to impart the material to that.
And we can just get rid of this and give it a color for now.
Colors that maybe sign.
And get rid of this liquor use control necessary and then back to the category screen.
And they said of this man, you can then get rid of this and core the man.
Main categories screen we just created.
Main categories screen.
Okay.
How do you turn the corner?
And we have to restart this.
Okay.
This is going to take some time and we just have to wait for this a bit.
And.
The K and now we can check it out.
It has to also start this app now.
And now he can see men's rights.
Okay.
Now we're going to continue.
Back to the man on the screen.
We can use control and B and add the chain of command to formats and instead of returning the container.
You can get rid of this.
And we're going to return a column a column widget.
And as you know, it can take multiple widgets, add your semicolon over there.
And the first chart is going to be a test widget, which is going to say men.
And we can start this.
We can increase.
Tester.
Right.
Okay.
Test tie and we can increase the font size.
To 24.
24.
Use control and save and go check this out.
But you can see the value.
And as you know, the column has a property known as cross as this element, and we can just say cross
as elements.
Don't start.
Okay.
You can see the wire and basically we can wrap this with the part in.
A light and use control indoors and wrapped with padding and for all sides.
Going to give this 25 keys control and that's a save.
Okay.
Great.
And now we are going to have another child and this child is going to be a size box.
Which is similar to that of the container.
And we basically want to give this a height and so make this responsive.
We can get the height of our screen media query resolve contest.
Then the size and the tides.
And remember all of it.
We are basically giving this entire.
Cats v category v 80%.
So what we can do, we can say we need.
68% by saying times zero dot.
0.68.
And as you also know, the size box has a property known as child.
And for the child, it's going to be this wish you've probably not seen before.
Greece view great view that counts.
The cross as count is basically referring to how many heights we need over here.
You're just going to see this shop and for how many items we need.
I'm going to say we need TV or you can increase yours to four.
But definitely you see what this does.
And the grid view that count also has the property not as cross as a space in the cross, as this space
is basically referring to the space we need horizontally.
And for this we can say we need maybe 15 and it also has a property known.
So for that.
Is going to get rid of that.
It also has a property known as a suspicion which has to do with the vertical shape.
And we can see we need 70.
Book and now it has a property known as children.
And what we can do, we can get rid of this bracket and we can just use it to use control and save.
So we get rid of that first or we can just get rid of this is as to save.
Okay.
And now it also has a property known as to drain.
And get rid of this.
And what we can do now is we can automatically generate some random tests, also random container.
To do that, we have to use this property known as list view.
So at least dot generate and you can see is asking for the length.
The length is basically referring to how many high time we want to generate for how many items we want
to generate.
I can then say maybe five, and instead of using another function, we can just use this type of function
and we can then return a container for now.
We turned the container.
Container.
And as you know, the container has a color property.
And for the color, as we can see, colors the sign.
And we're not going to see this until we give it a height, height of maybe 50.
That is how long it's going to be and a suite of 50.
Look at the size and the call and use control.
That's the save.
Then you can see we have this space, right?
And maybe we could just wrap this with the pardon.
And see.
Okay for all sides.
Okay, Casey.
Looking good, right?
Okay.
And finally, what we can just do.
We can set up the images we need for the men to do that.
We will go to where it is.
You can see it over there, man.
And I'm just going to copy this folder.
This images is going to be available to you at the resource, so go check it out.
And I'm going to go to the next stop and search for Morsi.
Vendor.
And assets.
You can see we already have a folder known as images and this is for our fonts.
This is for our phones and this is for images.
And we send the images.
We are having another folder which is referred to us app logos.
Okay.
So for that, there's the speaker.
And over here, we're going to paste this within the images for the right is this man.
Okay.
And now we have to tell the location of that.
You can see the value assets images and we have this.
Hopefully we paste it in the right.
Just know.
Refresh this.
And hopefully I it in the back seat of a man.
And now we have to tell the location of that.
Okay.
We have to head up to the polls back tomorrow.
Five, I think I had mistakenly called this mental that.
And what we can basically just do is we can duplicate this.
And instead of this is going to be.
Men.
And we can just add the backslash, adding the backslash float is going to go into the rest images.
So really we do not need to specify the exact location or start saying man, the jpg and so on.
So by having this backslash filter is going to know to go further into this order, into this file,
that is the main zero dot jpg menu on the jpg, right?
So by adding this plot, that's going to do that out of the box for you.
So in other words, we do not really need to then say main, then zero, then jpg anymore by adding
this box.
Large photo is going to know to do that and definitely we have to use control and that's the save.
But before that we have to make sure the path is correct.
So assets right then images then men.
Okay, great.
Now we have this control and save.
Save.
And you can see this greatly gets in the changes we just made to the perspective of five OC OC guys.
See you in the next lecture.